mPhone turns your mPrinter into an answering machine. Once setup, you'll have a custom mPhone telephone number for your mPrinter. You'll be able to print voicemails and text messages when people call your mPhone.

### Known Issues ###
* 7/7/2013 - The queued print jobs generated by this mPrint just sit in the queue indefinitely. In other words, **YOU CAN'T ACTUALLY PRINT YOUR VOICEMAILS AND TEXT MESSAGES YET :/**. Not sure why this is, but hope to get this resolved shortly.
* If we modify this mPrint's code after you've installed it, you'll still be running the old version. Check back here from time to time, to see if you should upgrade (by I guess removing & re-adding this mPrint???)

### Setup ###
1. Click "Add to My mPrints"
2. Create a Twilio.com account (if you don't already have one)
3. Go to the Options tab and enter your Twilio Account SID and Auth Token
  * These can be found on your [Twilio account dashboard](https://www.twilio.com/user/account)
4. If you are using a [free Twilio trial account](http://www.twilio.com/help/faq/twilio-basics/how-does-twilios-free-trial-work):
  * Calls to your mPhone number will hear a short annoying message before the "leave a message" prompt.
  * You will not be able to transcribe voicemails. Twilio charges for transcription. **Be sure to turn voicemail transcription off in the Options tab.**
  * You will only be able to use the free number associated with your trial account. You will not be able to create a new number in step 5.
  * This limitations are outside of our control. If you'd like to remove any of these limitations, [upgrade your Twilio account](https://www.twilio.com/user/billing/upgrade).
5. Setup a phone number.
  * Go to the Advanced tab.
  * Click the remote access link. The one that looks like blahblahblahblah.mprinter.io.
  * To setup a new number (you can't do this with a free Twilio trial account, because new phone numbers cost $1/month):
        * Click "setup a new number"
        * Enter the area code you'd like for your mPhone telephone number.
        * A list of available phone numbers for that area code will appear. Click the "Use" button next to the phone number you want to use.
  * To use a number already associated with your Twilio account:
        * Click "use an existing number"
        * Search for the phone number you want to use.
        * A list of available phone numbers matching your search will appear. Click the "Use" button next to the phone number you want to use.
  * That's it!